# Yet Another Equipment Collection

Name|Year|Weight|Size|Description|Base Price|Asset name
---|---|---|---|---|---|---
Battle Fist|3015|0.0|1|Hardened hand actuators.|400000.0|BATTLE_FIST
Compact Internals|3048|0.0|1|Tightly packed myomer bundles and complex cam actuators reduced in size to save on space for critical components and cellular ammo storage. This comes at a cost of over all mech speed and some internal structure. Usually found on medium mechs where they are not as slow as a larger chassis but their legs are not as vulnerable as a light chassis. C.A.S.E is often standard along with this with the extra space that is acquired.|230000.0|CONDENSED_MYOMER
Cooling Jacket|3025|0.0|2|Used as a Thermal barrier between shielded electronics and the primary heat exchange it is barely more than a secondary heat exchange fitted around the arm actuators. This allows for greater cooling of a single hardpoint location. The drawback is it reduces the mobility of the arms to a degree affecting its arc and angle. These are usually equipped on high heat generators such as Laser and Particle weaponry.|800000.0|COOLING_JACKET
Alu-Ceramic Joint|3055|0.0|1|Alumina Ceramic is a long wearing high hardness composite of Bauxite and various Ceramic compounds. It can be injected or molded in various ways as a coating or as a break away component. One of the main uses of the material is electronic insulation, With its ablative qualities it is also suited for extra armor atop a battlemech’s equipped armor. C.A.S.E II is often a standard add-in being easier to include with the molding process.|550000.0|HIP_ARMORED
Improved Actuators|3025|0.0|3|A complete replacement of the actuators from the shoulder to the forelimb, with strengthened bearings and armature these tolerate higher stresses at speed allowing for more drastic movement. Though due to the blulk of the actuators it takes up most of the space used for other possible equipment possible with standard actuators.|480000.0|IMPROVED_ACTUATORS
Coupled Myomer Bundles|3055|0.0|1|Paired myomer chains these bundles naturally become interlinked, coupling to each other and surrounding myomer molecules allowing them to fire faster improving acceleration though at the cost of weight being far more dense than regular myomer. Usually these are installed in far lighter battlemechs as they require less bundles to propel the weight of the chassis.|330000.0|INTERLINKED_MYOMER_LEG
Shunted Servos|3055|0.0|1|These were orgininally intended to help other mechs compete with the specially designed combat chasis these additional servos can fire with greater greater force and push actuators much farther than intended. They are reinforced with a protective layer of duralast ferro-titanium weave which causes far more bulk in the critical spaces leaving not room for much else in the lower arms of a battlemech.|400000.0|LOWER_MELEE
Modified Articulation|3025|0.0|1|Machined Pivots and poly-alloy jointing meshed with micro solenoids that allow more traction when making turns. This improves the narrow radius far bulkier chassis are prone, but is seen on highly specialized light chassis built for city patrols or infiltration.|280000.0|MACHINED_PIVOT_POINT
Reinforced Legs|3027|0.0|4|Precursor to the resurgence of Endo-Steel in 3035, Reinforced Legs use endo-steel alloys mixed with ceramics and its ferro-titanium structure. While this technically does not save weight it does bolster its ability to take incoming damage. With the use of ceramics often it included C.A.S.E as a standard add-on.|550000.0|RE_INFORCED_LEGS
Alu-Ceramic Coupling|3055|0.0|1|Alumina Ceramic is a long wearing high hardness composite of Bauxite and various Ceramic compounds. It can be injected or molded in various ways as a coating or as a break away component. One of the main uses of the material is electronic insulation, With its ablative qualities it is also suited for extra armor atop a battlemech’s equipped armor.|400000.0|SHOULDER_ARMORED
Spiked Fist|3015|0.0|2|Some joker has taken a standard articulated Battlemech hand, loaded it with scrap metal, welded it shut, then liberally covered it with six and a half inch spikes. Effective? Certainly, but rather inelegant.|1150000.0|SPIKED_FIST
Thermal Transfer Duct|3025|0.5|1|These ducts were originally designed for planets and environs far too hot for most conventional cooling methods. At the cost of some internal structure. This also did provide room enough to include C.A.S.E structures since the bulk of the internal structures were removed.|120000.0|THERMAL_TRANSFER_DUCT
Alu-Ceramic Sleeve|3055|0.0|2|Alumina Ceramic is a long wearing high hardness composite of Bauxite and various Ceramic compounds. It can be injected or molded in various ways as a coating or as a break away component. One of the main uses of the material is electronic insulation, With its ablative qualities it is also suited for extra armor atop a battlemech’s equipped armor. C.A.S.E II is often a standard add-in being easier to include with the molding process.|400000.0|UPPER_ARMORED
Hardened Carbide Weave|3055|0.0|2|A composite weave of carbide, titanium and alumina ceramic which reduces damage rather than utilizing the ablative qualities of the alumina ceramic. The weave reduces most damage prior to its impact with the battlemech’s armor plating. However it is rarely seen outside of light or medium mechs due to its bulk and weight. Though with the flexability of molding alumina ceramic provides C.A.S.E II is often a standard add-in.|400000.0|UPPER_HARD_ENED
Shunted Solenoids|3055|0.0|2|These were orgininally intended to help other mechs compete with the specially designed combat chasis these additional solenoids can fire with greater greater force and push actuators much farther than intended. They are reinforced with a protective layer of duralast ferro-titanium weave which causes far more bulk in the critical spaces leaving not room for much else in the upper arms of a battlemech.|400000.0|UPPER_MELEE
Combat Plating|3015|0.0|2|Various plates of ferro-titanium and protruding spikes that are meant to effectively ward off some melee damage but as well cause some damage when two battlemechs duel. This was used primarily on Solaris VII but has seen extended use in battles sphere wide and nearly standard on dedicated melee variant chassis.|400000.0|UPPER_SPIKED
Weapon Stabilizers|3025|0.0|1|These specially designed gyro compensated stabilizers improve arm mounted weaponry, allowing far more accurate target grouping when it comes to faster resetting to target and movement drift. This enhances cooldown resets marginally while also improving impact damage. Unfortunately this also comes at a cost of effectively pulling punches as the stabilizers fight against drastic arm movements.|400000.0|WEAPON_MOUNT
Exothermic Housing|3025|0.0|1|The custom made housing while constricting it works like a cooling jacket however at a reduced rate it is essentially a thermal barrier between the weapon and the primary heat exchange. This allows for greater cooling of a single hardpoint location. The drawback is it reduces the mobility of the arms to a degree affecting its arc and angle. These are usually equipped on high heat generators such as Laser and Particle weaponry.|400000.0|WEAPON_MOUNT_HEAT
Weapon Compensators|3025|0.0|1|These specially designed compensators improve arm mounted weaponry, allowing far more accurate target grouping when it comes to faster reloading and movement recoil of projectile weaponry. This reduces spread marginally and increases its distance while also improving the chance not to jam from sudden movements.|400000.0|WEAPON_MOUNT_RECOIL
Armor Ballistic Reinforced|3131|0.0|1|Ballistic-Reinforced Armor was developed by the Draconis Combine in 3131 as a response to autocannon and missile weapons. The armor is a combination of Hardened and Reactive Armor that reduce damage taken from ballistic and missile weapons. The armor is also known as "reinforced" armor, but many techs use the term "hardened light" to describe it. A thinner version of hardened armor is backed by cable mesh that warps and traps missile and ballistic ammunition.|1000000.0|ARMOR_BALLISTIC_REINFORCED
Armor Heat Dissipating|3123|0.0|1|Heat-Dissipating Armor is a derivative of the Fire-Resistant Armor used by Clan battlesuits. Created by the Capellan Confederation, it reduces the effects of fire and incendiary weapons on a BattleMech's heat exchange system while intact. Unlike some specialty armors, it is effective against most weapons, but the increased bulk of the armor (from additional insulation and modified sealants) results in less overall protection per ton.|572500.0|ARMOR_HEAT_DISS
Armor Primitive|2464|0.0|1|Developed during the Age of War, Primitive Armor was introduced on the Mackie, the original BattleMech. This armor was less capable than the armor used in Star League and Succession War designs.|150000.0|ARMOR_PRIMITIVE
Armor Spall Liner|3058|0.0|1|Spall Liner Armor reduces incoming damage at the cost of weight.|1000000.0|ARMOR_SPALL_LINER
Black Carapace|3059|0.0|1|The Black Carapace is the result of a secret research project which integrated the HarJel self-repair system directly into the armor plates. As a result the armor is slightly more bulky and heavier but the self-repait effect makes more than up for this. However, due to the compact build weapon heat can be vented less effectively.|8500000.0|BLACK_CARAPACE
Armor Ferro-Carbide (C)|3059|0.0|1|One of Clan Diamond Shark's latest projects, this mech armour variant of the Ferro-Carbide is capable of protecting a mech's internal with the best technology possible available until now on WarShips. While its huge advantages make it very desirable, the cost of this armor is quite extreme, being 100 times more expensive then regular Warship armor. Requires 1 slot on all locations.|3500000.0|FERRO_CARBIDE_C
Armor: Ferro Lamellor (C)|3070|0.0|14||1000000.0|FERRO_LAMELLOR_CLAN
Armor Ferro Prototype|2480|0.0|1|Prototype Ferro-Fibrous armor. Provides 12% more armor points (35.84) per ton. Requires 16 critical slots.|200000.0|FERRO_PROTOTYPE
Armor Hardened Ferro|3059|0.0|1|Advances in Material Sciences since and recovered from the Star League in combination with RISC ingenuity allowed the creation of this Armor. Combining the Toughness of Hardened Structure and the weight savings of Heavy Ferro with a refurbished unique HarJel Self Repair System does this Armor turn anything into an undying Juggernaut.|14900000.0|HARDENED_FERRO
Angel ECM|3045|2.0|2|The Angel ECM Suite is an advanced version of the Guardian ECM Suite operating on a broader spectrum and greatly advances ECM technology on the battlefield. Development of the Angel began in the Draconis Combine shortly after the Battle of Luthien, but despite assistance from ComStar, cost overruns and internal problems within both powers kept it in its experimental stages for a long time and delayed its widespread deployment.|700000.0|ANGEL_ECM
Armor NSS|3045|0.0|1|The Null Signature System is another Capelan endeavour to recreate lost Star League ECM. An upgraded Stealth Armour allows this to reduce incoming hits and trades heat generation for a reduced sensor and target signature. Reserves 1 slot in every Location except the Head and requires an ECM.|1200000.0|ARMOR_NSS
Command Console|3045|3.0|5||650000.0|COMMAND_CONSOLE
Sensors Armored|3059|0.5|1|Designed to mitigate the effects of an armor breach, Armored Components are built with stronger materials, additional armor protection, and increased compartmentalization.|190000.0|SENSORS_ARMORED
Sensors Primitive|2464|0.0|1|A Primitive Sensors Suite. Thermal imaging, light amplification, radar and magnetic anomaly sensors are all among the primary sensors used by BattleMechs, supplemented by seismic sensors, motion detectors, chemical analyzers and a multitude of others.|80000.0|SENSORS_PRIMITIVE
Sensors Basic Probe|3031|0.0|1|A low-tier active probe sensor which slightly extends the default sensor range and allows the detection without line of sight in a radius of 250 meters.|100000.0|SENSORS_PROBE
Searchlight|3030|0.0|1|A simple upgrade to the standard sensor suite which also adds stronger 'mech lights for those dark nights.|32000.0|SENSORS_SEARCHLIGHT
Slic Suite|3055|0.0|1|This SpecOps tactical upgrade includes a high-grade ballistic cooling vest, an integrated C3 command helmet, and advanced onboard systems, providing both improved sensor capability as well as protection for the pilot.|960000.0|SLIC_SUITE
Gyro Defensive|3092|0.0|3|The defensive gyro has been optimized for quick reaction to help the pilot in avoiding incoming fire.|1450000.0|GYRO_DEFENSIVE
Gyro Dreadnought|3092|0.0|5|A made by order XL Gyro, the 'Dreadnought', comes with vastly superior Control systems directly allowing the passive system to angle the Mech's Armour to deflect incoming Attacks with maximum efficiency.|4450000.0|GYRO_DREADNOUGHT
Gyro Melee|3015|0.0|3|This gyro has been specifically designed for mech on mech melee combat, sporting improved twist servos which allow to deliver that extra hard blow.|600000.0|GYRO_MELEE
Gyro Melee Mk II|3015|0.0|3|This gyro has been specifically designed for mech on mech melee combat, sporting improved twist servos which allow to deliver that extra hard blow.|900000.0|GYRO_MELEE_MK2
Gyro Melee Mk III|3015|0.0|3|This gyro has been specifically designed for mech on mech melee combat, sporting improved twist servos which allow to deliver that extra hard blow.|1200000.0|GYRO_MELEE_MK3
Gyro Stability|3092|0.0|3|RISC engineers have managed to created a stabilized gyro which is able to counter-balance any weapon recoil to much greater effect, thus, lowering the chance for weapon jams.|1450000.0|GYRO_STABILITY
HarJel I|3059|0.5|1|HarJel is a black gel developed by Clan Diamond Shark. It is created from a naturally occurring substance, of which The Sharks vigilantly guard their virtual monopoly over. This material can be found in the Twycross system and in the Clan Homeworlds. When Destroyed Explodes.|500000.0|HARJEL_I
HarJel II|3059|1.0|1|HarJel is a black gel developed by Clan Diamond Shark. It is created from a naturally occurring substance, of which The Sharks vigilantly guard their virtual monopoly over. This material can be found in the Twycross system and in the Clan Homeworlds. When Destroyed Explodes.|1000000.0|HARJEL_II
HarJel III|3059|1.5|2|HarJel is a black gel developed by Clan Diamond Shark. It is created from a naturally occurring substance, of which The Sharks vigilantly guard their virtual monopoly over. This material can be found in the Twycross system and in the Clan Homeworlds. When Destroyed Explodes.|1500000.0|HARJEL_III
Double Heat Sink Kit (C)|3055|0.0|1|Replaces all Single Engine Heatsinks with Clan Double Heatsinks, effectively doubling engine heat capacity and dissipation. Also allows the mech to equip Clan Double Heatsinks.|3300000.0|CLAN_DHS_KIT
Compact Heat Sink Kit|3058|0.0|1|Replaces all Single Engine Heatsinks with Compact Heatsinks, effectively doubling engine heat capacity and dissipation. Also allows the mech to equip Compact Heatsinks.|2100000.0|COMPACT_HS_KIT
Cooling Lines|3043|1.0|1|Cooling lines considerably improve the way heat is transported through the 'mech component using a complex multi-layer tubing system. This allows for a considerable uplift in heat sinking performance. Due to the complexity of the design cooling lines cannot be installed on the center torso to benefit engine heatsinks.|760000.0|COOLING_LINES
Exchanger|3055|1.0|1|Thermal Exchangers reduce the overall heat generated by a fixed percentage.|360000.0|EXCHANGER
Exchanger (C)|3060|1.0|1|Thermal Exchangers reduce the overall heat generated by a fixed percentage.|560000.0|EXCHANGER_CLAN
Exchanger Mk2|3055|2.0|1|Thermal Exchangers reduce the overall heat generated by a fixed percentage.|720000.0|EXCHANGER_MK2
Laser Insulator|3055|0.5|1||400000.0|LASER_INSULATOR
Prototype Heat Sink|3055|1.0|1|These Prototype Double Heat Sinks were created by House Davion researchers. Unlike the Double Heat Sinks used by the Star League and after the War of 3039 these prototype units were smaller. As an experiment, they worked adequately, but their use of liquid heavy metals instead of the safer (if larger) radiators used in SLDF double heat sinks meant that they have been highly unstable.|500000.0|PROTO_DHS
Prototype Heat Sink Kit|3055|0.0|1||3200000.0|PROTO_DHS_KIT
Radical DHS Kit|3055|0.0|1|Converts the engine to use double heat sinks. Allows the mech to equip double heat sinks.|3500000.0|RADICAL_DHS_KIT
Radical PDHS Kit|3055|0.0|1||4500000.0|RADICAL_PROTO_DHS_KIT
Jump Jets-I Class I|3069|3.0|1|A thruster that allows a 'Mech to temporarily take flight.  Designed for 'Mechs weighing 90 - 100 tons. Improved Jet's weight 50% more but increase jump distance by 15% each.|452000.0|ImprovedJumpJet_Class1_Equipment
Jump Jets-I Class II|3069|1.5|1|A thruster that allows a 'Mech to temporarily take flight.  Designed for 'Mechs weighing 80 - 85 tons. Improved Jet's weight 50% more but increase jump distance by 15% each.|392000.0|ImprovedJumpJet_Class2_Equipment
Jump Jets-I Class III|3069|1.5|1|A thruster that allows a 'Mech to temporarily take flight.  Designed for 'Mechs weighing 60 - 75 tons. Improved Jet's weight 50% more but increase jump distance by 15% each.|308000.0|ImprovedJumpJet_Class3_Equipment
Jump Jets-I Class IV|3069|0.75|1|A thruster that allows a 'Mech to temporarily take flight.  Designed for 'Mechs weighing 40 - 55 tons. Improved Jet's weight 50% more but increase jump distance by 15% each.|216000.0|ImprovedJumpJet_Class4_Equipment
Jump Jets-I Class V|3069|0.75|1|A thruster that allows a 'Mech to temporarily take flight.  Designed for 'Mechs weighing 20 - 35 tons. Improved Jet's weight 50% more but increase jump distance by 15% each.|124000.0|ImprovedJumpJet_Class5_Equipment
Jump Jets Proto-I Class I|3020|2.0|1|These Prototype Improved Jump Jets were created by House Davion researchers. Unlike the Improved Jump Jets invented in the 3060s, these jump jets were no larger than standard Jump Jets, but did have several drawbacks. First, they generated twice as much heat. Second, they were reliant upon an unstable ignition system to achieve their additional jump range. Designed for 'Mechs weighing 90 - 100 tons.|452000.0|PrototypeImpJumpJet_Class1_Equipment
Jump Jets Proto-I Class II|3020|1.0|1|These Prototype Improved Jump Jets were created by House Davion researchers. Unlike the Improved Jump Jets invented in the 3060s, these jump jets were no larger than standard Jump Jets, but did have several drawbacks. First, they generated twice as much heat. Second, they were reliant upon an unstable ignition system to achieve their additional jump range. Designed for 'Mechs weighing 80 - 85 tons.|392000.0|PrototypeImpJumpJet_Class2_Equipment
Jump Jets Proto-I Class III|3020|1.0|1|These Prototype Improved Jump Jets were created by House Davion researchers. Unlike the Improved Jump Jets invented in the 3060s, these jump jets were no larger than standard Jump Jets, but did have several drawbacks. First, they generated twice as much heat. Second, they were reliant upon an unstable ignition system to achieve their additional jump range. Designed for 'Mechs weighing 60 - 75 tons.|308000.0|PrototypeImpJumpJet_Class3_Equipment
Jump Jets Proto-I Class IV|3020|0.5|1|These Prototype Improved Jump Jets were created by House Davion researchers. Unlike the Improved Jump Jets invented in the 3060s, these jump jets were no larger than standard Jump Jets, but did have several drawbacks. First, they generated twice as much heat. Second, they were reliant upon an unstable ignition system to achieve their additional jump range. Designed for 'Mechs weighing 40 - 55 tons.|216000.0|PrototypeImpJumpJet_Class4_Equipment
Jump Jets Proto-I Class V|3020|0.5|1|These Prototype Improved Jump Jets were created by House Davion researchers. Unlike the Improved Jump Jets invented in the 3060s, these jump jets were no larger than standard Jump Jets, but did have several drawbacks. First, they generated twice as much heat. Second, they were reliant upon an unstable ignition system to achieve their additional jump range. Designed for 'Mechs weighing up to 35 tons.|124000.0|PrototypeImpJumpJet_Class5_Equipment
AES & CDP Framework|3068|0.5|1|A.E.S. or Actuator Enhancement System is a defensive relay between the hip and the knee pivot points that allows for faster response time against incoming fire this translates to a slight bonus to the mechs ability to reduce damage. This is acchieved by forcing incoming hits to glance rather than fully penetrate.C.D.P. or Chaff Deployment Pods are several pods designed to be a physical means of avoiding missles much like those on a fighter jet. Firing ribbons of metal and other electronic noisemakers to interfere with guidance systems on Missiles.|155000.0|AES_CDP
Blue Shield PFD|3051|3.0|1|In 3051, the Federated Commonwealth started development of the Blue Shield Particle Field Damper (PFD), a defensive system that would reduce damage from PPCs. The PFD was later improved to include damage from all energy weapons.|880000.0|BLUE_SHIELD_PARTICLE_FIELD_DAMPER
Cockpit Armored|3059|1.0|1|Designed to mitigate the effects of an armor breach, Armored Components are built with stronger materials, additional armor protection, and increased compartmentalization.|350000.0|COCKPIT_ARMORED
Cockpit Hotseat|3055|0.0|1|Pretty much just a Standard Armored Cowl, but some joker decided to label a button that shuts off some heatsinks with 'WEEE' to enable linked TSM.|777777.0|COCKPIT_HOTSEAT
Cockpit Primitive|2464|2.0|1|The Primitive Cockpit is functionally similar to the modern BattleMech cockpit, but due to the bulkier components, it weighs five tons instead of three. It lacks an ejection seat and the sensors are even worse than that of a standard IndustrialMech's.|100000.0|COCKPIT_PRIMITIVE
Cockpit Small Advanced|3055|-1.0|1|The Advanced Small Cockpit comes with upgraded controls and haptic systems, eliminating the classic issues of the 'cramped' cockpits.|500000.0|COCKPIT_SMALL_ADVANCED
Efficient Ammo Feedway|3048|0.25|1|Usually Battlemech designs placed ammo exceptionally close to its intended weapon without much benefit, This is where the feedway comes in. it is a belted feedway designed for a faster more stable route through internal systems. This is achieved with special encased ducts lined with specialized belts that incrementally guide ammo to its intended system. This is also timed with the mech’s actuators insuring ammo payload has little chance of getting jammed in the mech’s moving parts. However this only effects one weapon per feedway and there is a limit of one feedway per location.|130000.0|EFFICIENT_AMMO_FEEDWAY
Retrofit Support (Evasion)|3030|0.0|1|An advanced life support system improved with better servo and electrical systems allowing faster signal translation between the cockpit controls and the rest of the chassis. It also has a medical assistance package, this only improves survival rate from moderate injury as it cannot perform complex surgery but can pressure resuscitate through a mask or apply tourniquet where needed via suit constriction.|350000.0|EVASION_SUPPORT_1
Firestorm Autoloader|3063|1.0|3|The Firestorm Autoloader was a late development to help combat rapidly changing defensive equipment, while it is still effected by ECM it improves load times and hotloads the warheads before it fires. In most cases these are safe to operate at a distance. However should the autoloader sustain enough damage there is a high chance the pre-activated warheads will explode and damage other systems as well.|130000.0|FIRESTROM_AUTOLOADER
S.R. Guided Telemetry|3065|1.5|2|S.R Guided Telemetry is a Short Range improvement system by nature. The telemetry unit aides short range missile systems cope with ECM and EW systems by a slight margin. Additionally most dumb fire short range missiles have a reduced spread with the additional calculations provided by the telemetry. However this will only effect the hardpoints in a single location to prevent overloading the system signal bus.|155000.0|GUIDED_TELEMETRY
Retrofit Support (Heat)|3030|0.0|1|An advanced life support system improved with better heat indexing and thermal venting shunting signals. It also has a medical assistance package, this only improves survival rate from moderate injury as it cannot perform complex surgery but can pressure resuscitate through a mask or apply tourniquet where needed via suit constriction.|350000.0|HEAT_MANAGEMENT_SUPPORT_1
Hydrazine Hotshot|3050|0.25|1|Specialized hydrazine fuel & storage for Jump Jets which causes them to burn longer and hotter than normal however these chemicals are volitile and prone to explosion should they be hit with weaponry. These were coined hotshots due to their explosive nature being seen more on mercenary lances than those from the houses. These effectively had the reverse effect to coolshot as well causing battlemechs to “burst” into balls of flame.|210000.0|HYDRAZINE_HOTSHOT
Retrofit Support (Life)|3059|0.0|1|An advanced life support system improved with better ejection launchers, improved reaction timers. It also has a medical assistance package, this only improves survival rate from moderate injury as it cannot perform complex surgery but can pressure resuscitate through a mask or apply tourniquet where needed via suit constriction.|350000.0|IMPROVED_LIFE_SUPPORT
Klystron Accelerator|3067|0.75|1|The Klystron Accelerator was a leap in particle acceleration, by pushing energy through a magnetic undulator it saw improvements to cycle cooldown rate and quicker delivery of beam damage. While it did effect all energy hardpoints in a location any more than one in a single location would overload the battlemech’s energy distribution.|130000.0|KLYSTRON_ACCELERATOR
Laser Overcharge Module|3137|1.0|1|Developed by the Republic Institute of Strategic Combat as an alternative variant of the Laser Pulse Module the Laser Overcharge Module pushes any laser to the limits of range and raw damage output.|150000.0|LASER_OVERCHARGE_MODULE
Laser Pulse Module|3137|1.0|1|Developed by the Republic Institute of Strategic Combat just shortly prior to the infamous Black Out, the Laser Pulse Module was originally designed to be fitted on any Standard or ER Laser, giving it an alternate fire mode which increases the heat output but increases the accuracy along the same lines as a Pulse Laser. Recent iterations, however, have evolved it into a general-purpose laser enhancement module.|150000.0|LASER_PULSE_MODULE
Partial Wing System|3067|0.0|3|The partial wing system offers increased jump capability. In addition, its large surface area allows a 'Mech to more efficiently radiate excess heat. Requires at least one JumpJet to be installed.|425000.0|PARTIAL_WING_SYSTEM
Partial Wing System (C)|3067|0.0|3|The Clan variant of the partial wing system offers increased jump capability. In addition, its large surface area allows a 'Mech to more efficiently radiate excess heat. It performs similarly to the IS variant but is lighter. Requires at least one JumpJet to be installed.|625000.0|PARTIAL_WING_SYSTEM_C
PPC Capacitor|3055|1.0|1|The PPC Capacitor is an extra component that can be added to any type of Projector Cannon. It enhances a PPC’s damage capabilities at the cost of higher heat generation. When Destroyed Explodes.|150000.0|PPC_CAPACITOR
Retrofit Support (Shielding)|3030|0.0|1|An advanced life support system improved with better actuator signal response and solenoid shunting when attempting to deflect fire. It also has a medical assistance package, this only improves survival rate from moderate injury as it cannot perform complex surgery but can pressure resuscitate through a mask or apply tourniquet where needed via suit constriction.|350000.0|SHIELDING_SUPPORT_1
Super Cooled Myomer|3132|0.0|1|The RISC Super-Cooled Myomer is a Dark Age era improvement on myomer. It offers a benefit in that it effectively eliminates heat buildup due to movement. The system worked by adding friction-reducing fluids to the myomer, secondary coolant lines between myomer bundles, and sheathing the key myomer bundles in extra insulation.This myomer is not compatible with any other type of myomer or myomer enhancements.|340000.0|SUPER_COOLED_MYOMER
Turret Mount|3032|1.0|1|A turret mount can be installed in any torso location to improve the performance of weapons installed in the same location.|380000.0|TURRET_MOUNT
Modular Armor Mk I|3015|0.25|1|Modular Armor was created as a stopgap measure by ComStar engineers while researching Hardened Armor the engineers stumbled across an ancient idea: By mounting a special frame on the unit, it could support additional armor protection on a Location beyond what the internal frame would normally allow.|200000.0|MODULAR_ARMOR_MK1_FRONT
Modular Armor Mk I Rear|3015|0.25|1|Modular Armor was created as a stopgap measure by ComStar engineers while researching Hardened Armor the engineers stumbled across an ancient idea: By mounting a special frame on the unit, it could support additional armor protection on a Location beyond what the internal frame would normally allow.|150000.0|MODULAR_ARMOR_MK1_REAR
Modular Armor Mk II|3015|0.5|1|Modular Armor was created as a stopgap measure by ComStar engineers while researching Hardened Armor the engineers stumbled across an ancient idea: By mounting a special frame on the unit, it could support additional armor protection on a Location beyond what the internal frame would normally allow.|300000.0|MODULAR_ARMOR_MK2_FRONT
Modular Armor Mk II Rear|3015|0.5|1|Modular Armor was created as a stopgap measure by ComStar engineers while researching Hardened Armor the engineers stumbled across an ancient idea: By mounting a special frame on the unit, it could support additional armor protection on a Location beyond what the internal frame would normally allow.|300000.0|MODULAR_ARMOR_MK2_REAR
Modular Armor Mk III|3015|0.75|1|Modular Armor was created as a stopgap measure by ComStar engineers while researching Hardened Armor the engineers stumbled across an ancient idea: By mounting a special frame on the unit, it could support additional armor protection on a Location beyond what the internal frame would normally allow.|400000.0|MODULAR_ARMOR_MK3_FRONT
Modular Armor Mk III Rear|3015|0.75|1|Modular Armor was created as a stopgap measure by ComStar engineers while researching Hardened Armor the engineers stumbled across an ancient idea: By mounting a special frame on the unit, it could support additional armor protection on a Location beyond what the internal frame would normally allow.|350000.0|MODULAR_ARMOR_MK3_REAR
Modular Armor Mk IV|3015|1.0|1|Modular Armor was created as a stopgap measure by ComStar engineers while researching Hardened Armor the engineers stumbled across an ancient idea: By mounting a special frame on the unit, it could support additional armor protection on a Location beyond what the internal frame would normally allow.|600000.0|MODULAR_ARMOR_MK4_FRONT
Modular Armor Mk IV Rear|3015|1.0|1|Modular Armor was created as a stopgap measure by ComStar engineers while researching Hardened Armor the engineers stumbled across an ancient idea: By mounting a special frame on the unit, it could support additional armor protection on a Location beyond what the internal frame would normally allow.|500000.0|MODULAR_ARMOR_MK4_REAR
Modular Ferro Mk I|3015|0.0|1|Modular Armor was created as a stopgap measure by ComStar engineers while researching Hardened Armor the engineers stumbled across an ancient idea: By mounting a special frame on the unit, it could support additional armor protection on a Location beyond what the internal frame would normally allow.|200000.0|MODULAR_FERRO_MK1
Modular Ferro Mk II|3015|0.0|1|Modular Armor was created as a stopgap measure by ComStar engineers while researching Hardened Armor the engineers stumbled across an ancient idea: By mounting a special frame on the unit, it could support additional armor protection on a Location beyond what the internal frame would normally allow.|500000.0|MODULAR_FERRO_MK2
Modular Ferro Mk III|3015|0.0|2|Modular Armor was created as a stopgap measure by ComStar engineers while researching Hardened Armor the engineers stumbled across an ancient idea: By mounting a special frame on the unit, it could support additional armor protection on a Location beyond what the internal frame would normally allow.|650000.0|MODULAR_FERRO_MK3
Modular Ferro Mk IV|3015|0.0|2|Modular Armor was created as a stopgap measure by ComStar engineers while researching Hardened Armor the engineers stumbled across an ancient idea: By mounting a special frame on the unit, it could support additional armor protection on a Location beyond what the internal frame would normally allow.|950000.0|MODULAR_FERRO_MK4
Patchwork Tier I|3015|-0.20000000298023224|1|This is a collection of patchwork materials (e.g. ferro-fibrous armour, endo steel structure, or ultralight composites) which provide the same degree of protection at a lighter weight, but at the cost of critical slots.|450000.0|PATCHWORK_T1
Patchwork Tier II|3015|-0.4000000059604645|2|This is a collection of patchwork materials (e.g. ferro-fibrous armour, endo steel structure, or ultralight composites) which provide the same degree of protection at a lighter weight, but at the cost of critical slots.|650000.0|PATCHWORK_T2
Patchwork Tier III|3015|-0.6000000238418579|3|This is a collection of patchwork materials (e.g. ferro-fibrous armour, endo steel structure, or ultralight composites) which provide the same degree of protection at a lighter weight, but at the cost of critical slots.|950000.0|PATCHWORK_T3
Pirate Engine|2830|0.0|4|So Some gouzaizi thought he cracked how to make a Star League Grade Engine Shielding. If this doesn't blow up your mech when it breaks, it surely will boost the engine. Pushing it to its limits sure is hot though.|340000.0|ENGINE_PIRATE
Armor Duralast (QS)|3045|0.0|1|Need more protection for your mech, but can't afford those other armors? Buy Quicsell branded Duralast armor lining today. Cheap to buy, and fast to repair, our armor leaves you adequately protected.|299999.0|ARMOR_DURALAST_QS
Armor Ferro (QS)|3045|0.0|1|Try Quicsell's Ferro armor today! It's even lighter than that the ever popular Ferro-Fibrous armour and is only slightly bulkier.|169999.0|ARMOR_FERRO_QS
C.A.S.E. II (QS)|3045|0.800000011920929|1|'When you can't afford the best, make sure you try the rest!' Our C.A.S.E II is nearly as good as the real deal. It does exactly the same thing, other than a minor difference of how much damage sneaks past.|169999.0|CASE_II_QS
Compact Actuators Hand (QS)|3045|0.0|1|Need more gun, but can't find the space for it? Just don't like arms in general? Try the Quicsell Compact Actuator today and remove those pesky hands.|49999.0|COMPACT_ACTUATOR_HAND_QS
Compact Actuators Lower (QS)|3045|0.0|1|Need more gun, but can't find the space for it? Just don't like arms in general? Try the Quicsell Compact Actuator today and remove those pesky lower arms.|39999.0|COMPACT_ACTUATOR_LOWER_QS
Double Heat Sink Kit (QS)|3045|0.0|1|Converts an SHS engine to Quicsell DHS. A Mech' Cooling System provides heat dissipation for components inside the mech and compatible extension points for additional heat sinks throughout the mech. It differs from the closed cooling system of the engine.|499999.0|DHS_KIT_QS
Double Heat Sink (QS)|3045|1.0|2|Want to get some better heatsinks without breaking the bank? Try Quicsell brand Double Heatsinks today! They dissipate more heat than a standard heatsink for the same weight, and they're even smaller than a normal double heatsink for less than half the price!|2999.0|DHS_QS
Structure Endo (QS)|3045|0.0|1|Get the same Endo-steel performance without some of the Endo-steel bulk! Our Speed-Holes will lighten your load!|199999.0|ENDO_QS
Engine Heatsink Removal (QS)|3045|-1.25|1|Ever feel like engine heatsinks were a little bit too efficient? Well now you can do something about it, and gain some tonnage back for your mech at the same time. Try our negative engine cooling systems today!|12499.0|ENGINE_HS_REMOVAL_QS
XL Engine I.C. (QS)|3045|0.0|4|Looking longingly at the sleek and modern fusion engines, but stuck with combustion engine budget? Try the next best thing from Quicsell today. Our XL Internal Combustion Engine is almost as light as one of those fancier engines, and it runs on petrochems!|499999.0|ENGINE_IC_XL_QS
XL Engine!! (QS)|3045|0.0|4|Need to contain the Power of a Star? Look no Further, we at Quikcsell have unlocked the secrets of Star League Extra Light Engine Shielding! Reducing the Weight you Engine Core will need at unbeatable prices!|1500000.0|ENGINE_XL_QS
Hybrid TSM (QS)|3045|0.0|1|Try Quicsell's innovative Hybrid TSM today! It combines the advantages of a powerful enhanced myomer with an integrated seat warmer.|1899899.0|HYBRID_TSM_QS
Sensors FCS (QS)|3045|0.0|1|Sensors and fire control system do basically the same thing, right? Well why not save space for something more important, like GUNS? Quikcsell now provides your one stop shopping for combined sensors and FCS need. We even managed to make the sensors stonger by combining things!|119999.0|SENSORS_TC_QS
Speedy Leg Actuators (QS)|3045|0.0|4|Thank you for taking the Quicsell product demonstration tour! If you look over there, you'll see one of our most ambitious projects, the Speedy Leg total actuator replacement package! Why, look at how fast that mech can move! We've increased sprint speed by almost twenty percent, never mind that stopping can be an issue. Who wants to stop under fire anyway?|349999.0|SPEEDY_LEG_QS
Stick and Peel (QS)|3059|0.10000000149011612|1|So simple to install, a child could do it. Quicsell's Peel-N-Stick Armor makes use of advanced self repair technology imported all the way from Diamond Shark Territory. HarJel will repair your armour in battle. Get some now while limited supplies last!|69999.0|STICK_AND_PEEL_QS
Structure Endo Bulky (QS)|3045|0.0|1|The best structure weight reduction around! While slightly less efficient with space, Quicsell's Bulky Endosteel is unsurpassed in weight reduction.|189999.0|STRUCTURE_ENDO_BULKY_QS
Structure (QS)|3045|0.0|1|At Quicsell, we understand that the bottom line is more important than anything, so we've designed our mech's structure to be as cheap and easy to repair as possible. It's even lighter as a side benifit. Win, win!|99999.0|STRUCTURE_QS
Thermal Mass Large (QS)|3045|3.0|3|A great way to beat the heat! Quicsell brand Thermal Mass improves the amount of heat your system can take before you hit the redline.|749999.0|THERMAL_MASS_LARGE_QS
Thermal Mass Medium (QS)|3045|2.0|2|A great way to beat the heat! Quicsell brand Thermal Mass improves the amount of heat your system can take before you hit the redline.|499999.0|THERMAL_MASS_MEDIUM_QS
Thermal Mass Small (QS)|3045|1.0|1|A great way to beat the heat! Quicsell brand Thermal Mass improves the amount of heat your system can take before you hit the redline.|249999.0|THERMAL_MASS_SMALL_QS
Upper Recoil (QS)|3045|0.0|3|Sometimes when you buy Quicsell, you get too much bang for your buck! We're talking about recoil of course. If so, the Upper Recoil mount is for you. 'Don't get the best, 'till you've seen the rest!'|99999.0|UPPER_RECOIL_QS
Structure Composite|3061|0.0|1|Inspired by the Endo Steel chassis, the FedSuns engineers produced a chassis that was light weight but wasn't as bulky as the Endo Steel skeleton. Though they were successful, the materials used in the Composite Structure were incredibly fragile. Weighs half as much as regular structure but provides only half the protection.|600000.0|COMPOSITE_STRUCTURE
Structure Endo-Composite|3067|0.0|1|Endo-Composite Structure is an experimental chassis technology developed by the Lyran Alliance in 3067. By mixing and matching standard and Endo-Steel components, engineers created a BattleMech skeleton that weighed 75% of a standard chassis but was only half as bulky as a traditional Endo-Steel system.|800000.0|ENDO_COMPOSITE_STRUCTURE
Structure Endo-Composite (C)|3067|0.0|1|Endo-Composite Structure is an experimental chassis technology developed by the Lyran Alliance in 3067. By mixing and matching standard and Endo-Steel components, engineers created a BattleMech skeleton that weighed 75% of a standard chassis but was only half as bulky as a traditional Endo-Steel system. Clan version of the Endo-Composite armor originally developed by the Lyrans. The big difference is that it requires two extra slots less.|1600000.0|ENDO_COMPOSITE_STRUCTURE_CLAN
Structure Endo Prototype|2480|0.0|1|Prototype Endosteel Structure. Weighs half of standard structure (max weight / 10) tons, rounded up to the nearest full ton. Requires 16 critical slots.|600000.0|ENDO_PROTOTYPE
Structure Endo-TSM|3067|0.0|1|This Endo Composite Structure got interwoven with a Triple Strength Myomer prototype that grants improved Speed and Melee Damage.|930000.0|ENDO_TSM
BC Artemis V|3023|1.0|1|Battle Computers are Modular Pieces that can be added to a Targeting Computer Modular, greatly enhancing the Combat capabilities of any Mech it is installed on.|350000.0|BC_ARTEMIS_V
BC Ballistic|3023|1.0|1|Battle Computers are Modular Pieces that can be added to a Targeting Computer Modular, greatly enhancing the Combat capabilities of any Mech it is installed on.|350000.0|BC_BALLISTIC
BC Energy|3023|1.0|1|Battle Computers are Modular Pieces that can be added to a Targeting Computer Modular, greatly enhancing the Combat capabilities of any Mech it is installed on.|350000.0|BC_ENERGY
BC Heat|3023|1.0|1|Battle Computers are Modular Pieces that can be added to a Targeting Computer Modular, greatly enhancing the Combat capabilities of any Mech it is installed on.|350000.0|BC_HEAT
BC Missile|3023|1.0|1|Battle Computers are Modular Pieces that can be added to a Targeting Computer Modular, greatly enhancing the Combat capabilities of any Mech it is installed on.|350000.0|BC_MISSILE
BC Piloting|3023|1.0|1|Battle Computers are Modular Pieces that can be added to a Targeting Computer Modular, greatly enhancing the Combat capabilities of any Mech it is installed on.|350000.0|BC_PILOTING
BC PPC|3023|1.0|1|Battle Computers are Modular Pieces that can be added to a Targeting Computer Modular, greatly enhancing the Combat capabilities of any Mech it is installed on.|350000.0|BC_PPC
BC Predictive|3023|1.0|1|Battle Computers are Modular Pieces that can be added to a Targeting Computer Modular, greatly enhancing the Combat capabilities of any Mech it is installed on.|350000.0|BC_PREDICTIVE
BC Probe|3031|1.0|1|Battle Computers are Modular Pieces that can be added to a Targeting Computer Modular, greatly enhancing the Combat capabilities of any Mech it is installed on.|350000.0|BC_PROBE
BC Range|3023|1.0|1|Battle Computers are Modular Pieces that can be added to a Targeting Computer Modular, greatly enhancing the Combat capabilities of any Mech it is installed on.|350000.0|BC_RANGE
FCS Bloodsport|3025|0.0|1|Originally designed for the Solaris Market, the Angst Clear View 2A provides even further BattleMech performance in Melee over the previous Angst Clear View 1A.|400000.0|FCS_BLOODSPORT
FCS Melee|3020|0.0|1|The Angst Clear View 1A was designed for the Solaris Market. Each Clear View 1A system had to be painfully calibrated to the Pilot's Neurohelm. Coupled with a movement prediction algorithm, it allowed the 'Mech to engage in lightning fast strikes without telegraphing the intent of the Pilot. Closing the Enemies' dodging window by around half.|200000.0|FCS_MELEE
FCS Adv. Ballistic|3047|1.0|1|The Advanced Ballistic Fire Control System significantly improves the performance of all ballistic weapons. However, this comes at the cost of increased weight.|800000.0|TCOMP_BALLISTIC_ADVANCED
FCS Heat|3040|0.0|1|The Heat Fire Control System allows to optimize the energy flow on weapon systems, resulting in a lowered heat output.|400000.0|TCOMP_HEAT
FCS Adv. Missile|3047|1.0|1|The Advanced Missle Fire Control System significantly improves the performance of all missle weapons. However, this comes at the cost of increased weight.|800000.0|TCOMP_MISSLE_ADVANCED
FCS Modular|3023|0.0|1|The modular Fire Control System allows Battle Computer upgrades to be installed on the mech.|660000.0|TCOMP_MODULAR_BC
FCS Nova|3040|0.0|1|The O-P 911 is a rather old Fire Control System. Surpassed by other models late in the Succession Wars by the O-P 1078. This model offered a dedicated system of capacitor controls to 'Mechs, decreasing the heat and energy consumption of Laser weaponry.|400000.0|TCOMP_NOVA
FCS Adv. PPC|3047|1.0|1|The Advanced PPC Fire Control System significantly improves the performance of all particle projector cannons. However, this comes at the cost of increased weight.|800000.0|TCOMP_PPC_ADVANCED
FCS Adv. Energy|3047|1.0|1|The Advanced Energy Fire Control System significantly improves the performance of all energy weapons. However, this comes at the cost of increased weight.|800000.0|TCOMP_TRACE_ADVANCED
